We start a mantra in the company. We
want to be a jazz band, not a marching
band. I love that.
>> It's like a self-reflecting value thing.
It's auto equilibrium with me. So, it's
like, okay, I'm a jazz band person. So,
we've been hiring more and more jazz
band person. Also, AI happened in the
past two two and a half years. So, more
jazzband people can really shine during
this moment.
>> Okay. So, we had manager mode, we have
founder mode. There's this new mode.
What should we call it?
>> Jasmo, maybe.
>> That's not bad actually.
>> [music]
>> Hey everybody. Today we have Ivan Jawan,
the co-founder and CEO of Notion. I like
to think of him as the refounder. Uh he
started the company a long time ago and
in 2015 he didn't have part of market
fit. He and his co-founder moved to
Kyoto of all places and kind of
restarted the company and rebuilt it.
After that, they got product market fit
and it really took off. He did the same
thing in 2023
around generative AI in an offsite down
in Cancun and literally restarted the
company and in my mind he's the
canonical example of how a SAS company
can move and become an AI company. So
that's super interesting. The second
thing that's interesting is just hearing
how he builds the company. He's very AI
native in the way he organizes the
company, the way he compensates people,
the way he builds today. And it rhymes a
lot with some other CEOs that have
interviewed like Jack Dorsey a couple
weeks ago. I hope you like it. What do
you think of my outfit, by the way?
>> I think your outfit it's uh your pants
could be looser.
>> Looser. Okay. On the bottom or just in
general?
>> In general. Uh I like your sneakers. I
don't know what they are. Okay. They're
Italian. Premiada.
>> That's cool.
>> You're known as a very fashionable
fellow. Where where you shop these days
here in New York?
>> New York has a good store near here in
like Soho Traca called Lakasan. Um not
like a designer designer, but more like
a European,
easy to wear. Um
>> I like the vibe.
>> Thank you.
>> Um I got up my game. Ivan,
>> just channel some nice.
>> Let's go shopping. You want to go
shopping?
>> It's right around here. Afterwards, we
can go.
>> Okay. Hey, I want to talk about CEO
stuff, not just fashion. I've been doing
this sequoia thing for a couple years
and a lot has changed in CEO. Like the
whole manager mode, founder mode thing
happened and now it's founder mode and
some new mode seems to be happening.
Let's just reflect back when Paul
Graham's founder mode memo came out. My
my person
>> When was that? Since 2022, right? 2021.
>> No, no, no. It's like it was later than
that. It's like 2024.
My reaction, by the way, was relief
because I was a quirky kind of founder
mode type of person. Always being
everyone's trying to talk me out of
doing that. What was your reaction?
>> I didn't have too much of a reaction to
be honest. Yeah,
>> nowadays, uh, you know, Jack Dorsey
kind of redesigning his company to put
AI in the middle and Brian Armstrong
doing the same thing. My sense is you're
kind of heading this way as well. Um can
you talk about your journey there, your
company's journey? What's new? How are
you thinking about the organization?
How's it changing?
Yeah, my journey actually I have a small
detour off the founder mode um which is
like try to delegate trying to grow your
notion has very been small as a company
in the early days like we had product
market fit 2019 early 2020
uh we're sub 10ish people 2019 and um
company become profitable because we're
small right um
>> did you raise venture in the early days
or you bootstrapped it
>> we raised venture
>> you Okay, that must have been tough.
>> Um, was tough like first five years just
seage money dragged us for five years.
>> Yeah, HubSpot was like that. Took us a
long time to get the product market.
>> It's very tough. But
>> yeah, it's a different type of tough
compared to now. It's back then there's
no product market fit. It's despair. You
just black. You don't know where to go,
right? Um so we have been very small
from the get-go and we sort of taste the
sweet of it because it's you're small
you're profitable easier to raise money
you're default alive and um we've been
resisting growing team size and and
during co a lot of companies really blew
up remember that right
>> I'm sure you did
>> we relatively yeah blew up
>> you got to product market fit at the
right time
>> we grow to product market around the
same time um there's a lot of eyes that
you got to grow so we did grow um
relative to other company still
resistant to grow a lot uh in terms of
headcount. Um but that's the moment I
sort of learned oh you need to delegate
need to have introduced in professional
manager management
>> why who is telling you that
>> it's a good question who te tell us some
investors
you didn't tell me that I don't think so
uh
>> it was conventional wisdom amongst the
investor class
>> I would say there's a pro and con for
that like we sort of eyes resist that
for a long time so we did not build a
sales team in retrospect I should have
started sales team earlier because I
thought I can first principle the whole
way like create new kind of PLG some
kind of brand new motion that's a
mistake um the other part is product
marketing engineer those functions sort
of I wouldn't call mistake but we're
upping the traditional way of building
it
>> did you hire been there done that people
in that phase
>> we we did
>> and do you have any of them still
>> um many of them are still with us yeah
our CTO it's last three years before
that there's another CTO during that
phase. Um but I would say some part of
notion DNA are defined by the classic
SAS executive. Now the thing changed in
the past three years since we're
building with AI like we're one of the
earlier
um adopter of language modeling or
product and you start think things are
breaking building with this new
technology the classic boundary between
rows doesn't quite work the analogy I
like to use back then it still is is
like building classic software is like
engineer bridge if you can design it you
usually can build it fairly predictable
um like product manager talk to
customers pass to designer pass to
engineers right building with language
model back then and somewhat still is
it's like brewing beer
>> you can't truly predict the things the
underlying thing good analogy you cannot
tell the east hey hey guys go go go go
go towards that flavor profile more you
can't do that right you sort of have to
throw your best people in there
>> see what the model see what technology
gives you so it's not customer first
it's more experiment with this
technology first. Although the last year
or so model gets so much better now but
still the spirit is technology
firstdriven development rather than
customer-driven first development. Um
that really forced us to change the at
least how we build product. Um designer
is the most productive thing are
designer and engineer and product people
all just sit in the same bucket then
work with evals work with experiences
and figure out
>> inside your company has one of those
personas kind of dominated and the other
ones falling aside or is there they all
kind of do the same thing now
>> we always started by like our DNA in the
early days always blurry like we are one
of the first to hire designer who can
code I'm a designer who can code right
so we we build a company based um my
image and my company my co-founder's
image so those profile really shines
designer who can co- engineer have
strong product sense um PMs don't not
afraid to roll up sleeve and try things
like one of our heaviest token
consumption person in the company is a
pad for example
>> those people really shines and we have
quite a few of in the notion
>> okay so you read the Dorsy stuff you
read the Armstrong stuff my summary of
it is they Think of like a big triangle
or chart. It's very inefficient flow of
information up and down and across it.
It's been around for thousands of years
and it's time to rethink it. Basically
stick AI in the middle and start
delegating more and more over time and
letting the system make decisions and
feeding it context in good ways. That's
kind of my highle summary of it. What's
your take on what those two are doing
and are you doing basically the same
thing? If some sense we're creating
product for other company to do that
>> but yourself
>> the high premise is similar at least my
interpretation of it it's so much
knowledge work is paper pushing in the
past it's really hard require software
to push information from one person
another but so much of a knowledge work
is fuzzy so human need to be in the
middle to pushing information from one
to the other and turns out language
model can do really good at two things
one thing is to write the software to
design the perfect pipes for your
company to pushing information and
decisions. Second is like doing this
kind of mini decision making in the stop
between one decision point to another
decision point. Right? So a lot of used
to companies to a lot of people just in
the middle to pushing information
decision around to sustain a business at
scale that could be rethink.
>> Okay. The analogy I like to use, we've
been using somewhat is like before steel
buildings cannot be higher than five six
floors and
New York City are largely six floor tall
iron and stones and bricks
>> after steel there's you information or
way structure can go much higher since
sometime language model plus software is
that it's the steel for organizations.
What does the organization look like now
that we have the steel?
>> I think
>> I know buildings got taller. What what
happens to or organizations?
>> Uh I think everybody's trying to figure
out right like Dorsy's structure is like
three layers or something or three type
of people, right?
>> Yeah. Three types of people that sit
around the AI system that mostly train
it um extremely flat and I think Brian
Armstrong said it's five layers and
everyone's a player coach which I think
is pretty interesting.
>> I think all the spirits are right. Yeah,
>> I don't think and I believe it should be
a hierarchical like I think people tried
in the in the past like flat
organizational structure I don't think
that's part of human nature human nature
are hierarchical
>> and do you think that's changed now we
have AI that it can be flatter or you're
like that's BS
>> oh definitely can be flatter like we are
getting flatter and flatter
>> okay how many direct reports you have
>> I have 7A
>> um in generally what is it
>> the companywise probably around 7 8 9
people per person.
>> A lot of people are going to 15 20 25.
>> Yeah. Many of our best people 15 20
something.
>> Got it. How have you changed your
company? How you compensate people? How
you build your org? How you hire people
just in the last year as all this stuff
has developed?
>> Yeah. Two years ago, we start to um hire
different shape of engineers.
>> Okay. um no longer optimized for
people's experience, optimized for
people's um agency, energy, optimism,
curiosity. A rough framework we're using
like okay what is the talent in the
company? A talent equal to this person's
capability s experience times this
person's um taste or value system times
this person's um agency will right um
what language model change is like just
like Google everybody can access
information language model allow
everybody to be a pretty good writer and
programmer so capability got normalized
democratized and taste becomes still
important like what's your value system
what do you want to bring to the world
which direction do you want to that you
cannot change as easily and you will how
hard do you work this you cannot change
so we optimize for the latter to today
>> okay
>> that means in engineer science we're
hired for much younger people okay
>> internally we're call like IC early out
of school IC
>> this is the opposite of the way most of
the CEOs I'm interviewing are going it's
interesting
>> I think more people are thrilled
>> they say that like a junior engineer
powered by the stuff's more productive
but if you got a senior engineer that
understands the whole system been there
a while and they're pled they're like a
100x.
>> Yes. That's so higher for super junior
super senior.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> So the shape it's not it's more like the
>> barbell barbell shape, right? Um because
the senior provide taste there's still a
lot of auto distribution
information in language model
architecturing and language models. No
one very bad with that. So they need to
provide a direction. It's almost like
this a good engineer managing four to
six coding agent at once, right? Um but
a good really senior architectural
engineer can managing two to three
junior interns or engineer they each
manage two or three then that's the
number is higher right and they can
train the next generation. Uh I think
that might be a more optimal shape than
bunch of senior people manage coding
agents.
>> Okay and you I assume you're still
hiring designers and still hiring PMs.
Is the ratio changing or are you just
hiring people do the whole thing? The
definition of designer PM are different
like we're intentionally hired designer
who work as PM PM can usually the other
way usually it's designer who can work
as PM it's harder for PM to work as
designer because it's the
>> the visual genetic
>> thing it's more like a visual craft
takes years to train right um but we're
>> but designers want to talk to customers
and get feedback
>> yeah rare but uh don't stereotype
designer though they do exist
>> so if I look at your website you're
hiring engineer junior senior are you
hiring PMS and designers or do you have
some
P I don't know how to combine those two
words together
>> we hire PM designer by the way we
interview them we evaluate them like
we're in talk with two to three design
leaders they're kind of we value them as
PMs basically are you how in can you
drive things yourself it's not just come
up good ideas um how much are you
interfacing with customers besides
you're good with craft design craft Some
of this stuff is like the fashions
change. Like for the longest time it was
experience. Then the word everyone used
was slope. We hire for slope and now
it's kind of taste and curiosity and
agency.
>> That's kind of slope though. That's like
the
>> slopeish.
>> How is it different?
>> Slope to me is just horsepower smart.
>> Well, intelligence is first intelligence
multiple dimensions
>> like GPU speed like how'd you do on your
freaking SAT?
>> But there's a plenty smart people are
lazy. That's for sure.
>> Do you call that high slope or low
slope?
>> I don't know. I just always bucket it in
to hire the the the the the people who
learn who learn fast and are very smart
and I think it's changed to the word
taste comes up a lot and you're you've
been talking about taste for a long
time. The industry talks. Why is that
all of a sudden a thing? Why is that
word everywhere now?
>> Because taste is now in language models.
>> Yeah. taste is in in if you zoom out a
long long time maybe is but right now
it's not. Yeah.
>> And it taste is more rooted based on
your value system. Are you drinking
sparking water or still water? Are you
drinking diet coke or iced tea?
>> Yeah.
>> It's to each of their own. There's no
right answers.
>> Um the rest of you, you've got more than
just engineering. Uh you've got a bunch
of HubSpot people here which is great.
Uh but let's just take marketing. Is the
criteria change there too? We actually
changed our marketing department. We no
longer have a CMO organization. This is
this year. Last year, this year. Yeah.
We break up our CMO organization into
storytelling.
>> Yep.
>> Which is closer to product, closer to
because the product is changing so fast.
It's like you just classic marketing
can't keep up. We haven't shipped this
fast before, right? So let's just have
that sit next to product directly
connect to social where people are
discussion are happening and then the
other part is like serving the sales go
to market function like demand genen
>> lead genen just like um we really really
focus on that so rather than information
round trip to a CMO then figure out how
to serve both the product side and the
go market no more just like let both
side okay
>> figure it out themsel okay
>> not themsel but
>> more decentralized
>> and are there any other of classic
marketing functions in there. It's sort
of those are the two.
>> Those are the two. Um the designers
there are also designer and creative
part on the storytelling side
>> like community.
>> Yeah, community is in there. It's a
community where as part of a community
ecosystem uh or organization which is
startup where is one of our most
important communities um notion fans
around the world and figure out how does
this to move our market through those
people right um that's the bucket of
people
>> and has the criteria changed sales
marketing all the different other
functions have you changed the way you
think about the hire like most companies
have a form when you interview someone
has that form
>> change we're actually in the middle of I
just described engineer one right
engineer designer it's the we changed
two years ago yes um go to markets
marketing would change no six monthsish
ago sales were changing right now
>> and when you hire a sales rep they have
to be AI
>> pil yes there we're actually changed our
first interview no longer look at your
resume build something for us send a
notion link send something that you
built we look at what you built How
about compensation? Is that changing? My
sense is we we had an environment where
at least in HubSpot we people are much
more productive than the average person.
Now it's even more so. Have you
rethought?
>> We are changing that as well. Okay. So
they need to be extremely lot more
meritocracy. You can peanut butter
things. Um I think the SAS era is kind
of like playbook peanut butter
everybody. It's like um pretty peaceful
era. Um and right now it's a wartime
>> totally
>> actually make the SAS feel like what are
we doing back then for
>> well nothing changed for the longest
time like
>> nothing right like notion we had
>> that's the reason I left HubSpot it's
like okay we're building this platform
we need to build build more apps we need
to keep opening the platform we need to
hire more reps and just like keep going
>> until a couple years ago now it's
completely changed
>> or you can't well come back to become
operator if you like
>> that's why I joined Skoya I'm like wow
there's so much exciting things going on
>> when we hit product marketing CO
happened. It's more like um world
changing but not like a people building
things and technology changing.
>> Do you prefer wartime or peace time?
>> Oh, wartime is way more fun. It's like
>> what's the difference? What do you do
differently?
>> You feel more alive.
>> Okay. But what methods do you use that
are different?
>> I need to take care of my body. I need
to exercise every day.
>> I didn't think you were going to say
that, but okay.
>> Yeah. It's like it's uh um more fluid.
>> Are you more top down versus bottoms up?
>> I think the company has a good spot.
notion right now is a good spot with me
in a sense that I can dance around
really smoothly either direction.
There's enough people I trust really
well. They can bottom up and it's
constant surprise me like we're a
company a thousand people we have about
50 60 founders in the company
exfounders. It's like they really can
lead things right. um and and they're
welcome me to top down into jump into
any part I can work on, I'm interested
in where I can provide you new value and
they don't feel territorial. This is in
a good place that people who didn't feel
that way either no longer at notion or
let them go. Um so the company I me in a
pretty interesting equilibrium at the
moment. I interviewed Parker Conrad from
Ripling and he's similar has a lot of
founders and the way it kind of strikes
me is like the bigger HubSpot got
almost all the important things cut
across all those organizations and it
was just very hard to find someone who
could really drive something across the
org as opposed in their org. So we did
not do that. I I regret not doing more
of that. That's my real remember I say
right after co we scale and then we try
to scale more traditionally I realized
that's not us right
at that point this is was three years
ago we start a mantra in the company we
want to be a jazz band not a marching
band
>> I love that I I do the orchestra versus
a jazz band I like the marching band
>> yeah like I realized I cannot be a
marching band person that's just not me
I will feels like if everybody I
delegate everything everybody do thing
what do I do I feels like I I can't do
that. Um, so it's like a self-reflecting
value thing. It's auto equilibrium with
me. So it's like, okay, I'm a jazzband
person. So we've been hiring more and
more jazz band person also AI happened
in the past two two and a half years. So
more jazzband people can really shine
during this moment.
>> Okay. So we had manager mode, we have
founder mode. There's this new mode.
What should we call it?
>> Jazz mode. Maybe
>> that's not bad actually
>> because Jasmo has some structure, right?
Yeah,
>> you don't want to be like you want other
people to contribute. You don't want you
want people to have fun, not just you
having fun or dictating everything.
>> Okay, let's give that a go. Let's push
that out on on X and see if it sticks. I
mean, pretty good. Yeah, because I I put
a survey out the other day like, what
mode is this? And I was like, is it
Dorsy mode? Is it native mode? And I
said, is it other mode? And somebody put
in there, it's dep mode.
>> Dep
mode. I think that's a good idea. One
other question on this new world. Um, I
work with all these startup founders.
The planning's tricky and I I sat
through your pitch at Sequoia and you
had a plan and you had a P&L like what
is it actually like internally planning
wise?
>> Well, group has our plan which most
company at this point if it works if
group has your plan, right? So um I
would say the financial planning is
still at least I find useful to give you
a like you know you're on a treadmill
you know how fast you're running right
that's like a financial plan in my mind
it's like oh am I running seven eight
one nine what number that is but product
strategy it's oh there's no freaking
plan [laughter]
no plan uh because what changes the
market the technology is so fast it's
not in the six month it's not three
months It's week by week. So this you
have to jazz this thing. Financial
things march that right. Um then at
least we try to be conservative mid to
conservative with financial things and
ex take risk and there's a buffer like
cost becomes another dimension like if
you're just building software don't
think about cost.
>> No
>> now you have to like at least I have to
really think about cost.
>> Can I ask you about that? Like a lot of
these startups gross margins are awful.
And like I companies like HubSpot were
like 86% gross margins. That's sort of
SAS normal. What are happening to your
cost and your gross margins? And where
do you think it settles out for
companies like Gurus?
>> I don't have an answer for you.
>> I'm assuming your gross margins have
gotten worse, but maybe you didn't hire
as much headcount, so maybe operating
margins are better. And how willing are
you to be like gross margins to get
radically worse?
>> Oh, you have to.
>> You're you're down for that. you like
what are you doing then you're not in
the war mode right I think notion is for
knowledge work which might have a
different curve than coding products
coding product you run frontier models
usually the more the smarter the better
um and knowledge work you you can we
already start to see this you sort of
can settle with the the second year the
Chinese models the open way ones they're
not super smart like a lot of this kind
of paper pushing information in your
company oh I spill coffee on the carpet
can HR team come someone to tidy this up
next week that doesn't require opus to
file tickets right so that's a lot of
problem we are best at solving at notion
so that will have a different growth
margin profile than
>> yes
>> the biggest product market fit today
which is a coding agent
>> yes okay
you're kind of in my mind the king of
refoundings
>> you've done it I think twice at least
Claude thinks you've done it twice.
Uh, your first one, you and your
co-founder moved to Kyoto, locked
yourself in a very small room and
rebuilt.
>> It's not that small, but yeah.
>> Okay. You know, more recently,
obviously, you you this everybody knows
the story. You went to Mexico and you
had early access to the models and you
turned into an AI company. Talk about
the different refoundings and what was
your mindset at the time. There's lots
of early stage founders who need to
refound and there's a lot of bigger SAS
companies that definitely need to
reound.
>> Yeah, I like as an idea as a the best
artists reinvent themselves. Um Miles
Davis has three at least three face,
right? Picasso two to three faces. Uh
Michael Jordan the second one probably
not as good. No, but the the best one
truly Steve Jobs the king of refunding.
Uh the first version of notion is like
we took us four five years to find
product market fit. In the middle of
that we sort of find the shape of the
product we want to build but we'll be
running out of money building it. So my
co-ounder se and I said let's just lay
off everybody just go by the two of us.
That's the Japan story. Uh we rebuilt
notion from Japan. Um
>> how hard was that the laying off
everyone? It's not easy, but sometimes
your body just tells you you have to do
it. Like you know you're dead if you
don't do it. Uh you know just there's
like a panda energy just like
>> why the hell did you go to Kyoto of all
places?
>> Well actually we never been to Japan cuz
when you just say goodbye to your
friends all those people you work with
notion by all means not big five
peopleish. Um it's morale so low right.
So S and I was saying like let's go
somewhere that we just changed the mood
a little bit and we never been to Japan.
So initially I picked Tokyo on Airbnb
realize the the house are so small. I
don't I love Simon but I don't want to
cram into a small apartment with him.
And Kyoto the apartment much bigger
because they didn't get burned on the
World War II.
>> They weren't bombed.
>> They weren't bombed. They spared that
city. too much treasures and the house
is much bigger so and cheaper so we
that's why we picked Kyoto and we ran
our place in SF uh and our office in SF
we actually become cash flow positive
doing that um that's the first time but
once you land you start coding just
those kind of rep coding eating coding
eating um it's actually really
liberating
>> I lived in Japan for a couple years was
there something about Japan that was
inspirational
in your refounding or the way you built
the product. There's a certain aesthetic
there that sort of rhymes with notion.
Or could you have been in anywhere?
Could you have been in Thailand?
>> Well, the usually we like
summer warm. Simon likes warm climate.
Ideally, he can swim. Um, Japan just
happened to be were both curious about
it. But once you go to Kyoto, I don't
know, you probably been to Kyoto. It's a
very special city.
>> Very special.
>> Yeah.
>> Very inspirational.
>> Very inspirational. Those things are
hundreds everything. Oh, this shop 150
years old, right? I'll open that door.
The the shrine gone to a beautiful place
in Thailand, Phuket, whatever. Do you
think you still would have pulled it off
or was there something magical about the
location that really worked?
>> Most of things are a story we tell
ourself, right?
>> Of course. What story is the true story?
>> The story we tell ourselves is like
Kyoto is a special place. If you can
pull off anywhere, you can pull off from
Reborn in Kyoto. Then it's it's also
inspiring just look at the surrounding
the craft is probably craft capital of
Asia right so just make you okay if
notion fundamentally is tool is a tool
for humans and those people are building
knives ceramic cups tatami seats like
they're the tools other tools for
>> craft craft central
>> it's a craft central and like how do we
how can you not be inspired by building
a better software Okay, you still
haven't answered my question,
>> which is
>> if you had gone to
whatever, let's pick some place in the
Philippines and it was pretty,
>> would you have pulled this off or was
there something exceptionally important
about being immersed in such a craft
ccentric place?
>> I think I pulled it off, but yeah, but
the story is the better story.
>> Okay, fine. Okay. So, your big
refounding, not easy.
Didn't immediately hit product market
fit after. Still not easy.
>> No, it took a while after that because
it took a year and a half to rebuild
from scratch.
>> Why didn't you just quit and start a new
company at that point?
>> We never start a company for starting a
company. You want to build something
like I got obsessed about this notion
shaped tool problem since last year
college and Simon and I were both in
this kind of tools for thought community
which is you can trace the lineage back
to grateful that era is the the first
generation computing pioneers around the
Bay Area like the lineage trace way back
directly back to there. I want to
continue that lineage. Um so to me it's
not
>> it wasn't like you had another idea
kicking around. this is your life and
this is like bigger than I can ever chew
on this idea. So I wouldn't do anything
else. He's in that community. He's
obsessed with this idea too. So if we
don't work on this, we'll work on
another company doing the same thing.
>> Okay. I'm going to I'm going to get back
to the reffounding, but just on the
Grateful Dead, [laughter]
uh you study very important computer
scientists from the 60s. You're a
student of Steve Jobs. I'm sure there
was sort of a craft ethos about the
Grateful Dead and the music back then,
but certainly about the company,
certainly about jobs.
Is it still here? It seems like it's a
lot more commercial than craft today in
Silicon Valley. Have we lost that?
>> I think most people don't have it. Most
company don't have it.
>> I I I agree. like Steve Jobs I look up
to him or people like him is like
interception of humanity with technology
versus Silicon Valley at least tech is
largely a technology and tinker culture
and tinker culture doesn't even know the
history of it's not even science it's
tinkering right it's like people like to
build things in their garage and
something works and maybe has a product
market fit and grow a business out of
this
>> to be fair W and W was tinkering in the
garage
>> yeah but you required to meet someone to
to bring the human side of it, right? Um
I think tinker culture the the risk of
us like you don't know what comes before
you. Science at least you respect the
history. Like if we ask people who um
Douglas Anglebar or Alan K those
computing pioneers are most people in
tech have no idea.
>> Honestly the only reason I know them is
I work for this guy Ray Azie.
>> Ray Azi like
>> who you would know of course because
he's the father of notes but he was
obsessed with those two and talked about
them constantly. reality uh it's like
Microsoft CTO for a while too right so
um that lineage is broken by the way the
people who remember this 807s and 80s
they were sort of people don't even yeah
they no longer work in tech today um so
tech is like industry doesn't know its
past if you don't know his past you
don't know history which is humanity I
think your your your point of view is
like what's in front of you what your
competitor is doing Versus if you bring
humanity, you have all other discipline
around you. You have all the history
behind you. There's way more good stuff
you can steal from. Um I wish more tech
founders
steal from aside or from behind.
>> I think they'd benefit from it too. Um
back to the refounding,
lots of founders are going sideways. Uh
lots of companies that started in 2021
are going sideways. They've got 10
people. It's like maybe they're cash
flow break even. What's your advice to
somebody? Is it a founder been going
sideways for a long time, got venture
dollars in like you and working on
product market fit? Like should
everybody just be like rip the band-aid
off and shrink it and move to Kyoto and
and refound
>> if their body tell them so? Like I for
me it's like there's you just feel you
have to do something drastic and um
Simon during that time was he broke his
he got his wisdom teeth taken out or
something. So I'm by him myself. I was
like I remember I was at my
ex-girlfriend's studio. I just like
inner urge like there's no way out. I
have to do this. And it's like then then
you feel liberated once you land in
Japan. I guess your advice would be is
probably more people should do it and
they should listen to their inner body
and be more risk-seeking on that because
they can get stuck for a long time in a
ventureback startup. They can spend 15
years of their career on something going
sideways.
>> I think there's no better time than now
to do that because the market dynamic is
wide open.
>> Yeah, I agree. Okay. You refounded a
second time when you had a thousand
employees. Uh
>> back then it's probably 500. Yeah. Okay.
500 boys, different animal without
telling the same story you've told a
thousand times because I think everyone
knows the lore. What was it like kind of
behind the scenes? What did you feel?
Was it the same thing? Your body felt it
like what was the story?
>> So, the second time was in Mexico
Cancun,
>> right? [laughter]
>> Happen to be out somewhere,
>> right? You're always in a nice place.
>> We just got early access GPT4 model. It
feels like the world is stopping. Like
when you first interaction with the GBD3
is fine. GBD4 is a religious experience
for me. It's like holy It's a it's
a full body religious experience. Like
you have to do something with this. This
is what change everything. Anything you
do if you don't do this it will be
meaningless. Um I think the company has
been fairly there is be people doubt
because remember that around three years
ago that's the crypto era lending right?
A lot of people is this another crypto
thing. There were a lot of doubters. Um
um some of them obvious no longer at the
company but the conviction is so clear
at least for me and Sam early days like
we just have to do this.
>> Did you take two steps back in the
business to go 10 steps forward? Like
did revenue really slow while you're
rebuilding everything?
>> Our first products actually has a
meaningful revenue boost. We launched
our uh first AI product actually two
weeks before chat GPD happened. um it's
like AI writing product that has a boost
but after that we've been pretty much
want to build agent product in 2022 end
of 2022 and that's a slo that took us a
year and a half to really
>> didn't really work back then
>> didn't work at all like Simon
>> I would say my problem and Simon's
problem we might be living too much into
the future y
>> it bites you with new technology
like we try everything built a model for
us work openai finetuning or another
just none of them work that will like a
year and a half just go with no error
and morale is definitely low only start
to work a year and a half our revenue
grow inflection this around the same
time right when the AI product
>> the underlying got better
>> yeah it's like um but that was the that
was a pretty painful period
>> was that the most painful period in
notion history for you
>> different type of pain
>> what was the most painful
just when those two three early days
pre-product market fit is despair I just
like
>> despair is that the word okay
>> you don't know where it's coming from
you don't you don't know where to go
right um when your growth rate low like
during that period of time where we were
try to rebuilding our AI foundation
multiple times it's
yeah that's not great um right now just
everything on fire it's a different type
of pain Nice. So, a lot of people, 500
person companies, a lot of SAS companies
are doing the AI thing,
but certainly haven't refounded. Advice
>> start with your product. We just talk
about treat it like brewing beer, not
building bridges
because that's end of the day most tech
companies is the product, right? So um
start with the products cuz then you the
founder has to be really hands-on to
experience that way of building things.
>> Can nonfounder-led companies pull it
off?
>> I don't know. Would be tough. I think
founder has the moral high ground to to
change things. People are more tolerant
and forgiving with founders, right? Um I
think the person need to be
use language modeling in in just know it
like you got to feel the AGI feel the
AI.
>> Yeah. You can't read about it. You can't
watch YouTube. You got to build
>> feel you have build it. Building is one
of the best way
>> for your product or build for your
internal systems.
>> Build for yourself.
>> Yeah. Tinker on the weekend tinker on
the side. you have to do that because
like at the end of the day business are
kind of like pathf finding entities
right like we're in this thing called a
market there's equilibrium for your
company with the market with with your
shareholder with your company like we're
just finding local optimas local
maximums for different our niches when
this new brand new ingredient got
introduced into the market in this case
language model doors are path that are
opened up and we are Each company at
different point in the market each you
have different angle you have different
niche you have to taking this
internalize this new ingredient figure
out which path got opened for you the
truth is with the customer with yourself
if you don't know how this this can do
you cannot find a new path I think you
have to do something you have to feel
this you feel the AI feel AGI
>> I think you're right you use a word that
I cringe at but I think is good called a
lot of companies calcify as they get
older. Let's just say you're a company
that's calcified. How do you get
uncalcified?
>> We intentionally do a lot of
acquisitions. We have 50 60 founders at
notion.
>> And were they aqua hires?
>> Aqua hires. Equires acquisitions. Um
>> founders are are kind of this kind of
like little decalcified meatthead
machinery just trying to break things,
right? So
>> keep your regenerating.
>> I agree with that.
>> Yeah. Um I find that really helpful. So
founders found for a reason and now all
of a sudden they're in a thousand person
company. How do you keep them motivated
and not leaving and starting something
new?
>> Well, first some of them work on a
domain that they were working on before
like the person who leading our AMO has
a startup of AMD notes before the
company the person leading our
enterprise search is a founder of
enterprise search product. So you give
actually give them a better platform
support to do this. They people feel
appreciated like I just had lunch with
the founder who start enterprise search
product before it's like
>> you give them leverage they give them
>> you give them leverage they actually
people care about the thing they're
building right versus fighting for
product market think really crowd the
market they don't you can argue that it
might be more difficult to start new
companies today compared to even a year
ago
>> okay
>> because the world's getting more noisy
like the shipping cadence from existing
companies are just increasing. It's like
the PE everybody got Twitter fatigit,
right? So,
>> and the SAS companies have got the memo.
Most of them got the memo and are
shipping fast now. You were ahead of
everyone, but
>> yeah, people like it's still
>> like HubSpot's cranking.
>> That's good. No, that people are still
kicking that they're they have to kick
in different gear. You know,
>> my thing these days is like it's it
could it's never been easier to start,
man. has never been harder to scale
because like in every little micro
segment if there's a little traction
like there's hundred competitors two
days later and the thing I've also
noticed about the startup land is almost
in every one of these verticals it's a
duopoly there's like a one and a two and
then 50 tied for third they're way off
when you look back in time that the the
the great companies were often founded
in shitty times because people who are
really grinders and people who really
want to start a company and really have
a vision didn't start in like 2022 2023
a terrible time to start in times like
2026 you get a lot of tourist
entrepreneurs
and so I've heard people say you know
2026 ventures is going to be crap even
though the valuations are
>> like crypto crypto vibe energy
>> yeah a little bit
>> a little bit um I don't disagree
market will do the thing market is kind
of beautiful in that way
>> yeah advice to founders of reasonable
sized companies who are a little scared
to refound You know, I I'm CEO of a 500
person company. It's going pretty well.
I'm doing some AI stuff. Uh my board's
kind of happy with me. Um
but there's a birdie inside of me
listening to Ivan and maybe I should
refound advice. Does a person need to
feel the AGI first? If you feel you
realize most tech industry is support
different flavor knowledge work
that we're at the beginning of how this
can do due to this industry. I agree
with you. How do you think organizations
look like? So they're changing a lot
now. What do you think they look like in
like three, four years? Is your
knowledge work? You're right at the
center of this. I think truth is
probably somewhere
there's a Dorothy Jack Dorsey's thing.
Uh
there is the traditional hierarchical
ones. Um
I like to think what are invariables
like let's look invariable in this case
human nature are rather static like we
all
>> we don't change that fast
>> we don't human don't change humans as a
species doesn't change that's where I
think it should it will be a
hierarchical organization if just
observe bamboo chimpanzees right it's
like very if you watch nature program
there's hierarchy that doesn't change
this every hasn't changed left us since
we left Africa. Um, division and labor
make sense. Um, so um people have
different interests. You you look at all
the different like personality tests,
right? They're just different way to
saying like people are different.
They're not 10,000 flavor of them there,
but there are probably a dozen flavor of
humans. They cluster around this
different dozen things. And we'll know
that our legal system well at least
right now there's no autonomous
companies, right? It's the CEO CF will
have to sign up for something. So it
will be a small team of human to start.
So those to me are the invariables. So
this invariable tells me you need to
figure out how those group of human
collaborate. The group of human all have
different biases, preferences, different
values. Um and it will be somewhat a
small some kind of hierarchal system
there. Then how do we use this new techn
new ingredient to passing information
decision around a small midsize group of
humans? That's how I think about it.
>> I kind of think about it as like right
now in companies the AI system makes
very few of the decisions. Let's call it
1%. But as that system gets more context
using notion for example, it'll make
better decisions than humans. It'll have
more context and more history and then
humans will be more training that system
and giving it context and giving it
taste and I think over time the system
makes more and more of the decisions
instead of the humans but the humans are
still really necessary.
>> Yeah. People say AI researchers in 18 in
15 months will not be able to make
decision to improve AI models, right?
Kind of the same thing but they're just
in a bleeding edge for this.
>> Yes. By the way, I think you're
incredibly well positioned for all this.
>> Oh yeah. I I
>> I I worked for a while with this guy
Rayazi. It was a company called Groove
Networks. We were in the knowledge
management industry, which is a
industry cuz chief knowledge officers
have no money and it was never urgent.
In theory, it sounded great. Now,
knowledge management is actually
incredibly important and works
incredibly well.
>> I know it's like what's that industry
called in the ' 90s? People hire
consultant to map out their orchart and
information flow. that become like what
AI and for deployment and
>> totally and your platform is ideally
suited for it.
>> Yeah. Um I think we always forget that
modern knowledge work is only about 150
years old.
>> It's invented. It's not as old as fire
or language. It's only 150 years old.
Yeah.
>> Right. So
>> why can I be a new flavor of it?
>> Okay. I want to talk about you.
>> Okay.
>> I don't know you super well. You're
softspoken and I thought you were an
introvert, but in getting to know you
better. Was I wrong about that?
>> I think I'm still introverted.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah, I like one-on-one conversation one
too many. I train myself to do company
all hands just by doing a lot.
>> A lot of founders are introverts. The
world is sort of built for e I'm kind of
extroverted extroverts.
Advice for founders who just don't like
talking to other you don't like the
whole extrovert game. I have to evolve a
lot like I hate doing
>> force yourself like how to work a
significant other push you
>> no I force myself okay um to lead the
group of human you need to do one to
many communications otherwise people
don't trust you they want to hear from
you
>> writing is one mode which is like
sometimes ling num but even more so is
face to face to the all hands so for a
while I try to delegate all hand to my
co-founders to other exeacts no way I
have to now at every all and I'm open
the mic. I do it. I lead all hands. Now
I'm pretty comfortable with it. Uh I
still don't love it, but I'm well it's
not I don't dread it.
>> Okay. Advice for people doing all hands.
Everyone seems to do it differently.
>> Oh, get a teleprompter.
>> I'm the opposite. I can't I can't read
fast enough for the teleprompter.
Really? Yes. I hate a teleprompter.
>> Well, that changes me because like Well,
English is my second language, so it's
like if I have to think and speak, it's
hard. So I just prefer to spoken before
and right now all those like uh speech
to text model locals are so good.
>> They're so good.
>> So good. I literally like okay the night
before or then I just like talked to
myself and got what I'm roughly want to
say and the time doing all hands
teleprompter there.
>> Do you do them once a week? Once a month
once like what's your cadence?
>> We're actually changing our cadence.
used to be once a month. Right now it's
every other week uh for all hands and
every other week again for AMA. AMA. So
every week now. So
>> you ever step on yourself on an AMA? You
ever say something you're like I got a
crush for that?
>> Yeah. Everybody has it, right? Or just
you miss a good opportunity. You can
actually rally people about something,
but you you give a non-answer. That's
the worst. and non-answers.
>> We in at least at HubSpot in the company
meetings in the AMAs, there would be a
Slack channel on it and you go back and
look at it and be like,
>> what
>> just like if I said something stupid or
I missed an opportunity like it would
really show up in there.
>> That's good.
>> How do you manage your time in your
schedule and your deep work? Like how do
you manage your energy? Like for me, my
energy is pretty good right now. It kind
of goes up and down during the day more
than I would like. Is that the case for
you? How do you deal with that? How do
you deal with your introvert versus
extrovert? Like, how do you do it?
What's your schedule like?
>> It's actually not that crazy. Um,
wake up 7 7 a.m. make coffee for my
wife. Um,
I usually like to do work in the
morning, do some thinking, writing at
home, come to office. I come to work
every day. Uh, come to office. Um,
sometimes I'm a new habit I'm trying
right now is doing the gym during the
day.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah,
>> that's a good idea. Perk you up.
>> Elevate my energy during the middle of
the day and work in the office till
7ish.
Usually social dinner with my wife, back
to work, sleep out till midnight. Around
midnight.
>> When do you have time to get down the
claw rabbit hole?
>> We can't We can't My happy time. No. Um
>> you describe that as your habitat.
>> Yeah. You can you can be led by your
curiosity rather than by your
responsibility. Right. And like usually
Saturday, Sunday morning, I I have a bit
time to read the books I want to read.
Um sometimes it's for work related,
sometimes purely just for my guilty
pleasure.
>> And during the day, like half hour like
I'm seeing found one of my founders here
in New York say who it is. He's got his
schedule in 10 minute blocks
>> meeting wise.
>> Yes. Like what does your day look like?
>> A lot of 25 minutes blocks. I usually
like five minutes between meetings and
25 25.
My team pack my meetings together. So I
have one or two hour chunk to think but
most my thinking time is in the morning
or in the evening. Usually I get too
tired in the evening. I can't think
really well. Um morning is better. And I
do a lot of Slack. My my wife joke my
Slack is my social media.
>> Why doesn't not build a slack killer?
>> We're shut. Definitely.
>> Yeah.
>> A lot of your team said you're humble
and I think you are too. Why?
>> I wouldn't use the word humble. I use
the word
>> your team uses that
>> truth seeeking probably
>> they use humble.
>> I think you seek truth you know you're
just one perspective of the truth or
pluralism. There are multiple flavor of
truth in the world. You know the story
of blind people touching elephant.
>> Yes.
>> As um where just different blind people
touching different part of elephant.
Sometimes could be the tail, the
elephant's a snake, sometimes the trunk
is a treat, right? That's my worldview.
>> Okay. Tonight we're you we're going to
have dinner with a bunch of founders and
some are somewhere like 10 employees and
they hope to go and build a thousand
person company in the next several
years. What advice do you have for them?
>> It's a game. It's a game that's a a
social game.
It's like there's all the good part and
bad part of social game. like humor or
status is human thing, right? like um
power is this the CEO game is full of
that game just like entertainment just
like sports you have that like high
school college lunch sessions right you
you watch that in real in in the tech
scene it also could be a pursuit of your
personal values this is something I
realized more in the past three four
years it's like I need to be in
equilibrium with my own value of what
this company I want to build with that
give me more gen more sustainable energy
source. I cannot just chase something or
competition for competition's sake like
I I'm really competitive. I need to
compete to win. That's part of me. But
at the same time, I need to be true to
my own values. the value of building
good tools, the craft, the human side of
things, the social part of being a CEO,
the market dynamic just compete for
competing sake and the value the person
I wouldn't say there are this is some
slightly this is somewhat a zero sum
game. So you need to figure out where do
you want to sit in this spectrum and
your personality might be different.
Some people might just compute for
comput sake doesn't care about what
they're building. Some people just want
to be popular. If you just only care
about craft that you don't build a
business, it might as well just be a
artist.
Took me a while to realize where's my
equilibrium.
>> Are you someone that that that like
tries to fix your weaknesses or you just
lean into your strengths and what's your
advice on that?
>> Definitely lean on your strength.
There's a necessary thing you have to do
like one too many communication likely
you need to do with your company scale.
Maybe you can lean more on on writing
rather than speaking. But there's
there's certain invariable that works
right. Um within the boundary of that
you should amplify what you're good at
because capabilities are become more and
more commoditized with machines. So it's
your own point of view your strength
that you can live with that's that's
more lasting.
>> Okay. Something I assume that isn't your
strong suit is building an enterprise
sales or which seems like you're in the
process of building that. And when I
hear it's going exceptionally well, how
did you get your head around it? Um, how
did you hire? Sounds like you hired the
right person. So many companies are PLG
and are desperate to move to the
enterprise and the founders are similar
mold to you. Can you talk about that?
>> We had a mistake. I mentioned like we
sort of did not buy traditional sales
motion for a good two-ish years, right?
If we because notion sales could start
earlier but we want to first principle
our way into it which is we're going to
design our own system that doesn't work
like again it's a reflection of human
nature a lot of things you want to talk
to a seller there's a lot of the reason
the modern sales playbook has been
around for twoish decades right so
>> I think enterprise sales is like the
last function like
>> I agree with you it's like that you want
to see a human you feel comfortable
>> you don't want to have be a doctor from
a robot? No. Then why should you buy a
expensive thing from a robot, right? So
um it's not that hard I would say. Okay.
But you need to know like a lot of smart
people might think they can create
something new like fundamentally you
should not reinvent new things unless
it's really absolutely necessary. I was
trying to reinvent a new go to market
motion. That's stupid.
>> Okay. Like
>> I did mine.
>> You really build Hubspot.
>> Yeah. Right. [laughter]
May that's but that's the thing made
hotspot right like this inbound
>> that was the thing
>> you should only have each company should
only preserve your innovation point to
few places go a couple places you cannot
spread everywhere like otherwise you're
spread too thin you're like you're
trying to like reinvent the wheel well
too many times we try to put our in
innovation point onto sales back then
just just go classic sales it works um
but you and make a lot more efficient
today with a lot of tools we're building
internally. Um, that's different.
>> Okay. So, you woke up one day, one day
you're like, we got to get good at
enterprise sales. What' you do? What are
the mistakes everyone makes when they do
it? Did you miss a hire or two before
you got the right person?
>> I thought this somewhat solved today,
right?
>> I kind of do, but people struggle with
it.
>> Um,
>> enterprise sales has changed very little
since I did it in the 1990s.
>> Yeah. So we tried um initially only half
uh PLG flavor of sales like system
thinker sales system sales leader um
didn't quite work. It's just like then
you're just taking orders and no like
the PRG give you the luxury that your
customer want to buy your product. You
just
>> easy to sell that you you it's like
>> fulfilling demand.
>> You cannot get your sellers to do
something difficult when there's so much
easier thing they can do. just doesn't
work. Then we realize okay yes we still
need to respect the system. So our CRO
is Erica's one she was CRO of GitHub
before it's a system thinker right we
pair Erica with our head of sale PVesh
which is the rah rah like the
>> meat eater
>> meat eater right so beans in his teeth
>> per perfect pairing and so we have
sellers with raoy proves but also
respect working with Erica's overall
system this is when things start to work
in the past a year and a half
>> got it and so many of the organization I
deal with the engineers look at how much
money the sales people make and look at
the rah rah and they roll their eyes and
they complain. I assume that happened
here.
>> No, we we actually notion culture is
always pretty receptive for different
people are different. So we never have
an organ rejection of sellers in the
company. Our our engineering team love
work with sales team.
>> Okay. Awesome. Speaking of culture, I
saw online some people refer to you as a
cult leader and some people referred to
me as a cult leader back in the day. I
didn't particularly like that. How does
that land with you?
>> I like that.
>> Okay.
>> A company is
it's sort of a religion is you have a
point of view. You have your value
system project to the world through a
business, through a product. Like my
favorite saying is Catholic Church is
one of the most successful companies of
all time. 2,000 years. They have their
ritual, their business models. They're
still around kicking. great founder in
Jesus and a great head of sales in Paul,
[laughter]
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> And there are a lot of sellers and uh um
referral system,
>> viral marketing,
>> viral marketing, OG viral marketing.
>> Yeah. And to me, religion or belief
system or value system are again one of
the few dozen thing that's ingraining
human nature. Like people want to
believe in something to find meaning and
purpose. That's why wartime make this
more fun, right? your purpose and
meaning got amplified. Um work and
company give people that camaraderie
give people that. That's why we play
sports, right? It's the same energy.
>> The first four words in culture are
cult.
>> Yeah, I probably I need to look up the
roots. But yeah, it's like what is all
hand? People go to church every Sunday.
All hands every week. Same thing. We
used to have a thing with our all hands
that Dsh and I wanted it to be so
inspirational that people would well up
or cry during the all hands. Like we
really really worked on our all hands.
>> Yeah. Nothing I don't think anything
wrong with that.
>> No.
>> Okay. Thank you for coming on the pod.
Thank you for building notion. Thank you
for being inspiration for tons and tons
of founders.
>> I'm glad hopefully to be helpful for
others.
>> Appreciate you.
>> Thank you for your time.
>> Okay. I hope you like that episode with
Ivan. One of the things I like about
him, there's a there's a famous quote by
Oscar Wild. Be yourself, everyone else
is taken. I like to think I am myself.
Like I'm pretty quirky and I've embraced
that quirkiness. And I think at the end
of the day, companies really reflect
those CEOs. And I don't think CEOs
should be afraid to really be themselves
and kind of build the company around
them. Ivan's really done that nicely.
That might be a good plan for you, too.
The second kind of takeaway I had is,
you know, I work with lots of startups
and there are so many companies, let's
say less than 500 million in revenue
growing like 30%.
They're kind of stuck and there's
infinite numbers of stuck companies out
there. If you're in that boat, I'd
recommend a refounding moment. And the
refounding is harder than it looks. It
typically involves like a big step back
and two steps forward. It's going to be
hard. Your numbers will look worse in
the short term. Ivan didn't do this, but
when we wanted to do a refounding at
HubSpot at one point, we started a new
company inside of HubSpot that was
completely independent from it, and that
served us well. That's how Apple did it
back in the day. But if you're stuck,
and a lot of companies are stuck, be
risk
and do what Ivan did. like he was a ye
old SAS company and now he's a rocket
ship AI company. I think he's on to it.
The last takeaway I have on Ivan kind of
starts back in a podcast interview I did
with Jack Dorsey a few weeks ago. And it
does seem to me there's a new way to
build and run companies today. That's a
pretty big departure from the way people
have done it the last 30 years. Jack's
iterating on it. Ivan's iterating on it.
a lot of the call it vintage 2025
startups are iterating on it and this is
something I'm thinking a lot about. I
think there needs to be a new playbook
on how to be a CEO in AI native in the
kind of era we're in. Um and I'm early
in the iteration but just roughly the
way I kind of think about the way
they're organized is historically there
is a triangle-shaped org chart. Those
org charts have been around a long long
time since the Roman Empire. They're a
very inefficient way to run a company,
but they've been the best way to run a
company uh because there's been no
better one. I think the problem with
them is the bigger that org chart gets,
the more that information gets distorted
across and up and down and the slower it
gets. And so it's pretty inefficient.
the new way that Dorsy described and I
didn't quite get into it with Ivan but I
suspect it's similar is it's a circle
and in the middle is all of the context
in the AI system and initially humans
are making all the decisions but over
time as you give that that kind of
centralized AI system more context it
gets smarter and you're feeding in
context and you turn over more and more
of the decisions to them I don't think
it happens overnight I think it's
gradual but it's an IT task to get it
right you have to be legible. I don't
love that word, but you have to have a
legible set of systems. You have to kind
of record everything. But I think this
is the new way. Companies who are doing
this seem to be just moving a lot faster
than the companies that aren't. Um, and
Ivan is moving [music] at breakneck
speed. And I think there's a lot of
things that fall out of it. They don't
need as many people. Um, they move much
faster because of that. They have much
shorter planning cycles. All of those
kind of one-way doors that Bezos used to
talk about are really two-way doors cuz
nothing takes that long to do. Anyway, I
think there's this new playbook. I'm
interested in it. I'm going to be
talking about in the podcast and on X.
If you're interested in it, too. Hit me
up on Ballagan. Thanks for tuning in.